---
title: "Game 6"
---

Date: [[01-19-1466]]

Location: Florence

### GM Notes

- [ ] Giovanna’s revenge on Veronica (Harpy)
- [ ] Andrea wanting to learn Auspex
- [ ] Andrea now owes Nico a lupine skull
- [ ] Andrea owes a boon to Ercole
- [ ] Carlo owes a boon to Andrea 
- [ ] Giovanna has one held messy critical
- [ ] Be sure to put gargoyles in somewhere
- [ ] Andrea has one held messy critical
 

### Pre-Game

- [ ] Game homework
	- [ ] Due *during the week*

### Plot

- [ ] Giovanna is feeding off the Hunter
	- [ ] Can she get nutrition? - Nope
- [ ] Healing? - Yeah - You managed to not get hungrier too
- [ ] Carlo/Andrea fireworks - None as of yet
- [ ] Scourge interaction - 
- [ ] Carlo Retainers
- [ ] Elysium
 

### Game Start

Carlo backs away from Andrea
Andrea growls about killing the humans
Giovanna finishes her deeply unsatisfying meal and pulls the arrow out of her head.

#### Scourge 
Sourge interaction went vaguely positively.

#### Andrea 
feeds for one -> Heals one -> Gets hungrier

#### Carlo 
feeds 

#### Giovanna 
feeds on the seneschal (off screen)

#### Andrea 
pounces another servant (Messy Critical on Hunting roll) -> Takes two -> Heals one -> Gets hungrier

#### Carlo and Giovanna 
go to meet Borzo
	Catacombs to Inn -> Get Borso -> Bring him back to the manor through the catacombs
	Make him a ghoul.

Ask him to get Leonello
Andrea overhears (2x Messy Crit 1 hearing, 1 remembering, 5 Success Willpower save to stay in control)
   
#### Andrea 
tends to Marco and Explores the Crypt
To work out the actual lay out with Greta at some point
Leonello gets ghouled.

#### Full Coterie

Giovanna has her conceptions about nosferatu confirmed by Andrea being just around the corner when she was assuming that nosferatu would just be around.

Veronica comes on to Carlo
Carlo (Herald) expresses dislike for Brujah (Carlo in particular?)
Giotto expresses distaste for the Nosferatu
Ercole springs the Chantry Task Trap.